RETAINED SERVICES AGREEMENT
===========================

Submitted to __$name$__ (*"Client"*) via __$signatory$__, on __$date$__.

Prepared by __Tyrell, Inc., a California Corporation doing business as "The Tyrell Corp"__ (*“Company”*) and delivered on __$date$__.

Notice: This material is confidential and proprietary to the *Company* and is presented for evaluating and retaining services only. It may not be disclosed in any manner to anyone other than the addressee and employees or authorized representatives of __$signatory$__. All capitalized terms herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Master Services Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.

### Terms and Conditions

This is a retained services agreement for specific works and is subject to the Master Services Agreement executed between __Tyrell Corp__, and you and your company, __$business$__. The *Company* incurs costs during the first 14 days of a retained services agreement, and adequate security needs to be provided to ensure that our business is adequately compensated for these costs and services. Therefore, it is necessary to apply certain terms and conditions to our agreement that ensure a profitable business relationship between our companies.

The terms and conditions associated with this retained services agreement are as follows:

$notes$

### Additional Expenses

During the course of the engagement, additional expenses may be required. Any additional expenses will be presented to and approved by the *client* prior to incurring such expenses. *Client* will reimburse __approved__ out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the *Company* on the *client’s* behalf within 14 days of billing.

### Intellectual Property

New intellectual property generated by *Company* during the course of this engagement that is designed specifically and solely for you (Type A Deliverables, as defined in the Master Services Agreement) shall be deemed works-for-hire and shall be the exclusive property of *Client* upon payment in full for each Type A Deliverable.  *Company* expressly agrees to assign to *Client* the copyright in any Deliverables that do not meet the requirements of a work-for-hire under the U.S. Copyright Act, as soon as such work is fixed in a tangible form or medium.  Additionally, independent of the U.S. Copyright Act, *Company* hereby assigns to *client*, to the fullest extent possible under the law, all of its right, title and interest, if any, in Type A Deliverables. This work-for-hire and exclusive ownership of the Deliverables does not grant *Client* an ownership in components of the new intellectual property consisting of the Deliverables, but only the exact final Type A Deliverable created for *Client*. This work-for-hire does not prevent the *Company* from creating derivative works from the Deliverables in the future, so long as such derivative works are not identical to the Deliverables. All Type B Deliverables shall be governed by the terms of the Master Services Agreement.

### Warranties

*Company* warrants that all services will be performed in a professional workmanlike manner consistent with applicable industry standards.

THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUSIVE AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISEIF STATED IN WRITING BY *COMPANY*, THE MATERIALS PRODUCED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED TO *CLIENT* "AS IS," THAT IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT RESTS SOLELY WITH THE *CLIENT*. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE OR PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, *CLIENT* SOLELY ASSUMES THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY "DEBUGGING."

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STATED ABOVE, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES RELATED TO INFORMATION OR BUSINESS ADVICE PROVIDED, WARRANTIES RELATED TO OUTCOMES BASED ON INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR MERCANTILE QUALITY, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ARISING BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW, OR WARRANTIES OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTY VENDORS.

THE PARTIES AGREE THAT NEITHER PARTY’S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES FROM ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WILL EXCEED THE FEES PAID OR TO BE PAID BY *CLIENT* PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE STATEMENT OF WORK UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES ARISING FROM LOSS OF USE OF ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUE, OR FOR ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND BY ANY THIRD PERSON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE AGREEMENT OR THE PERFORMANCE OR BREACH THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THIS POSSIBILITY.

### Statement of Work.

All services and products to be provided by *Company* to *Client* under this Agreement shall be set forth in specificity in the Statement of Work attached as Exhibit A hereto.  *Company* shall only provide the services and products listed on Exhibit A, and shall not provide any further services or products under this Agreement unless a change order is signed in writing by both Parties, or unless a new Statement of Work (or an amendment of the existing Statement of Work) is set forth in writing and mutually agreed to by the Parties.

### General Provisions

This Agreement shall be deemed executed in the State of Idaho and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Idaho. In case of a legal dispute arising from this agreement, the prevailing party shall have the right to collect from the other party its reasonable costs and necessary disbursements and attorneys' fees incurred in enforcing this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior oral or written representations, communications, or agreements between the parties, and, together with any appendices, constitutes the final and entire understanding of the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement. Neither party has relied on any such prior oral or written representations, communications, or agreements. Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of 4th Judicial District of Idaho shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, and any legal agreements prepared in connection with this Agreement.  If the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the Master Services Agreement in any respect, the terms of the Master Services Agreement shall govern unless the Parties identify which specific provision of the Master Services Agreement is being modified or amended by this Agreement, and the extent to which such provision is being modified or amended.

### Payment Terms

You may indicate your acceptance of the official payment terms by signing below.

$payments$

This agreement will be considered executed upon receipt of a signed and dated copy. A kickoff meeting will be scheduled immediately upon confirmation of the first payment received.

__Tyrell__

Signature:	______________________________

Print Name: 	Eldon Tyrell

Title: 		President

Date:		__________$date$____________


__$name$__

Signature:	______________________________

Print Name: 	$signatory$

Title: 		$title$

Date:		____________$date$___________

\newpage

##### Break

# Exhibit A

This Statement of Work (including all Attachments hereto, *“SOW”*) is entered into as of the “SOW Date” set forth under Client’s signature below between is made between __Virtual Relations, Inc., an Idaho Corporation doing business as “Tyrell”__ with its principal place of business at 910 W MAIN ST #337, BOISE, ID 83702 (“Company”) and  and __$business$, having offices at $address$. ("Client").

This *SOW* is entered into, subject to and governed by the Master Services Agreement with an “Effective Date” of __$date$__ (*“Agreement”*) between the Parties.  Capitalized terms used in this SOW without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.  All assistance and materials provided by Company are provided “as-is” and without warranty of any kind, and are accepted by Client for use at its own risk and without recourse against Company.

* Client Contact:

  $worker$

* Services Description (include or attach any specifications/requirements):

$services$

The individuals signing below hereby represent, warrant and covenant to each other, to Client and to Consultant, that they are duly authorized to execute and deliver this SOW on behalf of the Party for which they have signed.


__Tyrell__

Signature:	______________________________

Print Name: 	Eldon Tyrell

Title: 		President

Date:		_________________________________


__$name$__

Signature:	______________________________

Print Name: 	$signatory$

Title: 		$title$

Date:		_________________________________
